add fusion-related callouts to deprecated flags (#8769)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/record-timing-info.md

id: "record-timing-info"
---

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0">

> :::info Not supported in the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Deprecate flags in the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />
```
